those of you watch this show regularly
no we frequently go out in the street to
test people passing by our studio in
order to put them on the show we ask
them to sign a waiver which is basically
a legal document that says it's okay for
us to put them on TV it's very simple
takes a couple seconds you sign your
name that's at but we decided to push it
a bit to complicate things to see how
much nonsense people will tolerate for
the chance to be on TV hey Stay Puft can
we talk to you for a b/c I need to get a
couple things signed just to make sure
that we could use you on camera it's a
standard release Lloyd lawyers make us
ask all the stuff you give absolute
assurance here of sound mind and body
not from the under the influence of any
foreign substances look and you have not
been under the influence of any alcohol
in our College in the last 72 hours so
willing to submit to a fee us blood
urine stool
couple drinks on Tuesday would you have
let me go to those yeah and anything to
eat with that yeah appetizers no just an
entree - and did you have a salad with
your meal nope
if you had a salad what kind of dressing
you're like we have ranch french blue
cheese Thousand Islands or the house
house is a creamy vinaigrette house
house trim vinaigrette okay
I'll be right back take your drink order
sign you hear you acknowledge at a
future date your voice may be used
online of dancing hamster toys just
participant consent and agree to go
ahead and just keep it in their pants
while we do this by signing here's a
good signature there I guarantee that I
can do but may not be asked to do a
southern accent all right
producer reserves the right to smell
your hands or fingers that was VOC sir
good hold on uh like a turkey just like
it lemme Salah salami and yet some
lettuce on right it's gonna have to take
a quick mole to be hand just got and
shove that right in there just so all
the way in there but this event gives
full permission I could duplicate upset
participants get house key Casey the key
never look like took
oh this is for a blood-alcohol level
let's go ahead and be driving that tube
for me
I'm not high or under the influence at
all participant agrees to be scanned
with the backlight to ensure there's no
bodily fluids just quickly get you okay
in accordance with code twenty point one
four five of L a county ordinance 16 for
security purposes participant agrees to
full permission for a producer to
rummage through participants purse bag
and/or fanny pack and take anything step
producer likes from their own okay what
do you got in there some porn cuz hey
kind of hornacek it's a game oh thank
you very much that's fine you got the
pen in your mouth already
participant agrees to catch this snake
yes even though you did now I'm gonna
put a yes all final signatures on this
line must be completed in blue or black
squid ink right there
and we'll just we'll just like a regular
thing just get your John Hancock right
on there all right you can keep that hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click Subscribe
this invisible hamster will die